= RubyMotion

RubyMotion is a commercial toolchain for iOS development using the Ruby
programming language.

This repository contains the parts of the RubyMotion product that are
opensource. It does not contain the full product, which can be purchased at
http://www.rubymotion.com.

== Contents

The +lib+ directory contains the project Rakefile library and the build system.

These files are installed as +/Library/RubyMotion/lib+.

In order to use the GitHub version of these files in your RubyMotion project,
you can modify the project Rakefile like this.

  $:.unshift(ENV['RUBYMOTION_LIB'] || '/Library/RubyMotion/lib')

You must also set +motiondir+, so the +data+ and +bin+ directories can be found.

  Motion::Project::App.setup do |app|
    app.name = '...'
    app.motiondir = '/Library/RubyMotion'
    # ...
  end

Then, simply set the RUBYMOTION_LIB environment variable when using +rake+.

  $ cd MyProject
  $ RUBYMOTION_LIB=~/src/RubyMotion/lib rake

== Frameworks Addition

To include a framework, as before add an entry to the app.vendor_project section
pointing to the header files and the build products (or assume they will be the *.a files).

Then add to the /frameworks folder a symlink to that framework. This will ensure that as
part of the vendor build phase Bridgesupport is updated with the correct environment.

The framework should also be added to the app.frameworks list just as any core framework would be.

At link time rather than including libraries via -force_load the framework will be referenced normally
as a -framwork and via the framework search path it should be found.

In summary:

1. copy framework to vendor folder
2. add app.vendor entry to rakefile
3. create /frameworks folder
4. add symlink (absolute path) from vendored folder to frameworks folder

Note. to avoid being too clever you still need to copy any *.bundles to the resources folder manually.

== Contributions

Please use the GitHub pull-request mechanism to submit contributions.

== License

  Copyright (c) 2012, HipByte SPRL and contributors
  All rights reserved.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
     list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
     and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
  ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
  (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
  ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
